Freoduo - handwired split ortho keyboard. (#10724)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/freoduo/readme.md

> Freoduo
> =======
> 
> A split 60%, 5x12 ortholinear keyboard handwired by Filip Pary�.
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: [Filip Paryz](https://github.com/FilipParyz)  
> Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, ATmega32u4
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make handwired/freoduo:default
> 
> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Freoduo

A split 60%, 5x12 ortholinear keyboard handwired by Filip Paryż.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Filip Paryz](https://github.com/FilipParyz)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, ATmega32u4

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make handwired/freoduo:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```

> Freoduo
> =======
> 
> A split 60%, 5x12 ortholinear keyboard handwired by Filip Paryż.
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: [Filip Paryz](https://github.com/FilipParyz)  
> Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, ATmega32u4
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make handwired/freoduo:default
> 
> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Freoduo

A split 60%, 5x12 ortholinear keyboard handwired by Filip Paryż.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Filip Paryz](https://github.com/FilipParyz)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, ATmega32u4

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make handwired/freoduo:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
